Fixed #24522 -- Added a --shuffle option to DiscoverRunner. (#14137)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

* Django test runner now supports a :option:`--buffer <test --buffer>` option
  with parallel tests.

> * The :djadmin:`test` management command and

Reviewer: Add blank line.

> * The :djadmin:`test` management command and
>   :class:`~django.test.runner.DiscoverRunner` can now execute tests in a random
>   order. This is exposed via the :option:`test --shuffle` option and
>   ``shuffle`` argument to :class:`~django.test.runner.DiscoverRunner`.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* Django test runner now supports a :option:`--shuffle <test --shuffle>`
  option to execute tests in a random order.
```
